# Health Insurance

## Types

- Health maintenance organizations (HMOs)
- Exclusive provider organizations (EPOs)
- Point-of-service (POS) plans
- Preferred provider organizations (PPOs)

## Terms

- **Premium**
  - Your premium is what you’ll pay the insurance company for the privilege of having an active insurance plan.

- **Deductible**
  - A deductible is what you pay annually for health services before your insurance company pays its share.
- **Copayment**
  - The copayment (or copay) is the amount you owe each time you receive certain types of medical care.
  - You may have to pay a $30 copay for each visit to your GP and $60 for each visit to a specialist.
- **Coinsurance**
  - After you’ve met your deductible for the year, you’ll generally face some amount of coinsurance. That’s the percentage you’ll pay of medical expenses.
  - You might meet your $2,500 deductible in May and from then on your coinsurance would be 20%. That means you would pay $20 of a $100 bill and the insurance company would pay the other $80.

- **Out-of-Pocket Maximum**
  - This amount is the most you’ll pay each year toward costs including your deductible, copay and coinsurance.
  - Premiums aren’t included in the out-of-pocket maximum and neither are extra services such as hearing aids and acupuncture.
  - If your plan distinguishes between in-network and out-of-network providers, out-of-network bills may not count toward your out-of-pocket maximum either.

- **Maximum Benefit**
  - 保险支付费用的封顶额度

# 看病

